It's good to be alive
Miss, you have the wrong person, right?
No way we were together
I have been working here for more than half a year
Excuse me?
I had some sequelae before because of the supply.
Just now my brain is not very good
I was here.
Yeah, I was wondering if you were a college student
Why are you in the flesh business with me?
What to comment on
Hey, no.
You were serving plates and drinks
Only once
Baby, stop dawdling
I miss you to death, Mr. Chen's family is here
I'll start work first, let's talk later, friendship
Wife
Got it.
Who was that person just now?
do not know
These clubs again 3 years ago
Is it really just a coincidence?
Hey
Wife sit here
Just eat fresh tea
Tomorrow afternoon.
Our city will host the 10th International Architecture Competition
Many designers at home and abroad are invited to participate
This competition
The organizer is undertaken by Shen Group
OK
I really want to go
Go if you want
Then the registration is closed.
At this level of competition?
Usually some are invited
Talented and famous designers
Maybe tomorrow you'll be invited as soon as you wake up
There's nothing wrong with listening to you
Of course I'm complimenting you
The kind that comes from the heart
OK
Go cook
Isn't this doing?